## 0.04 (16 Aug 2024)

### Security
- 

### Added
- environment: `os_*` calls are now `__os_*` calls to avoid issues with OSLib.
- environment: `exit` handling is much cleaner, and will clear up `FILE` objects which were opened.
- kernel: Support for `_swix` and `_kernel_swi`.
- kernel: Environment calls `getenv`, `_kernel_getenv` and `_kernel_setenv` are now implemented.
- stdlib: `qsort` is now supported.
- stdlib: `longjmp` and `setjmp` now implemented.
- string: A few string functions added: `strncat`, `strspn`, `strcspn`.
- math: `sin` and `cos` are implemented
- linking: Zero init is now performed.
- linking: Module linkage with _clib_initialisemodule and _clib_finalisemodule is now supported.
- absolutes: A `crash` absolute is provided, which will crash, allowing test of traceback.
- absolutes: A `hello_world_printf` absolute uses the C library's `printf` function.
- modules: Modules are supported and live in the `modules` directory.
- modules: A simple module which will initialise and print messages has been created.
- utilities: Utilities are supported and live in the utilities directories.
- utilities: A simple `hello world` utility has been created.

### Changed
- memory: Heap allocations now use application space rather than zero-init area, and will use `OS_Heap` rather than simple allocation.
- linking: Improved AIF header definition.
- absolutes: Absolutes are now in the absolutes directory

### Fixed
- environment: Application startup now calls `main` having decoded the entry string into `argv`.

### Removed
- 
