## 0.18 (21 Aug 2025)

### Added
- kernel: `_kernel_osbget` is now implemented.
- environment: Commands now support redirection when supplied on the command line.
- clib: Added support for constructor/destructor calls within the C library operations.
- stdlib: `system` can now handle `chain:` type calls (but not `call:` type calls).
- stdio: `open_memstream` is now implemented (a POSIX function).
- stdio: The magic `:tt` filename is now supported to reopen the console handles.
- stdio: `fopen` now supports appending to files with the `a` mode.
- backtrace: Fix for hex conversion of 0 values not being aligned.

### Changed
- docs: `riscos64-mkreloc` now includes documentation for the relocation table format.
- clib: The error handler now reports a backtrace when it is called.
- stdio: EOF should now be handled more reliably, and remains sticky after being detected.
- stdio: `clearerr` will now clear the EOF state (although we still don't support error states).
- time: Reading lines or characters from `stdin` now freezes the `clock()`.
- backtrace: Checks for address range of parameters, to identify corrupt stacks.
- linking: Overlong function names are now truncated in signatures, rather than having their name omitted entirely.
- linking: R/W regions within absolutes and modules are now aligned to a page boundary.
- linking: Relocation table will now be created in a compact format so that it takes less space for most binaries.
- linking: Relocation code may be replaced by creating a routine `__RelocCode`.

### Fixed
- string: `strcat` and `strncat` actually append to the string now (previously would append after the terminator).
- stdio: Fix for `fgets` failing to include the trailing newline in the read line.
- stdio: `printf`/`sprintf`/`fprintf` now do nothing when supplied with `NULL` as the format string (previously crashed).
- stdio: Fix for `freopen` on stdin, stdout, or stderr causing a backtrace.
- kernel: Ensured that the SWIs are correctly flagged as functions in assembler.
- linking: More fixes for the relocation table, now allowing the relocation of symbols referencing the `.rodata` section, and references from the `.data.rel.ro` section.

